README.md, before:

# The Paint Project

This is a simple paint program like MS Paint but with a little more style. This version of the paint project is themed after the anime One Piece. 

## Note

Bear in mind, I made this project in grade 11. So, even though I tried to refactor it, a lot of the code is still hacky and messy. 

## Implemented features
1. Toolbar
    - Open image
    - Save Canvas
    - Undo
    - Redo

2. Tools
    - Basic Tools
        - Pencil
        - Eraser
        - Fill 
        - Text
        - Eyedrop
        - Smudge
    - Shapes
        - Circle
        - Rectangle
        - Line
        - Explosion
        - Polygon (Unfilled)
        - Polygon (Filled)
    - Brush
        - Circular
        - Rectangle
        - Color Masher
        - Line 
        - Sticky Mode
        - Highlighter Mode
    - Sprays
        - Circular spray
        - Rectangle
        - Rain (line)
        - Clone stamp
        - Toggle Spray design
        - Control Spray Speed
    - Edit 
        - Move 
        - Copy
        - Crop
        - Rotate
        - Flip Horizontal
        - Flip Vertical
3. Info section
    - Tools Description
    - Tool Name
    - Current Color
    - Current Description
    - Current Size

4. Palette
    - Choose Color
    - Change Palette

5. Stamps
    - Pick character
    - Pick Arc

6. Background
    - Select ship or island

7. Music
    - Choose music
    - Play or pause as you like 

8. Multiple Canvas
    - Each with undo and redo list
    - Delete Canvas
    - Go though Canvas

## TODO
- Make tools work with the same arguments
- Make Tools class handle in one class
- Make Tool handle in one class 
    - Depending on the class the handle function will be different -like different things will happen on right click, left click, mouse scroll or key-down....
- Make info box class
- Make Palette class
- Make stamps class
- Make back ground class
- Make music box class

Commit message:

Add in back ground and fix stamp glitch

README.md, after:

# The Paint Project

This is a simple paint program like MS Paint but with a little more style. This version of the paint project is themed after the anime One Piece. 

## Note

Bear in mind, I made this project in grade 11. So, even though I tried to refactor it, a lot of the code is still hacky and messy. 

## Implemented features
1. Toolbar
    - Open image
    - Save Canvas
    - Undo
    - Redo

2. Tools
    - Basic Tools
        - Pencil
        - Eraser
        - Fill 
        - Text
        - Eyedrop
        - Smudge
    - Shapes
        - Circle
        - Rectangle
        - Line
        - Explosion
        - Polygon (Unfilled)
        - Polygon (Filled)
    - Brush
        - Circular
        - Rectangle
        - Color Masher
        - Line 
        - Sticky Mode
        - Highlighter Mode
    - Sprays
        - Circular spray
        - Rectangle
        - Rain (line)
        - Clone stamp
        - Toggle Spray design
        - Control Spray Speed
    - Edit 
        - Move 
        - Copy
        - Crop
        - Rotate
        - Flip Horizontal
        - Flip Vertical
3. Info section
    - Tools Description
    - Tool Name
    - Current Color
    - Current Description
    - Current Size

4. Palette
    - Choose Color
    - Change Palette

5. Stamps
    - Pick character
    - Pick Arc

6. Background
    - Select ship or island

7. Music
    - Choose music
    - Play or pause as you like 

8. Cursor
    - Different cursor to help you know what tool is active 

## TODO
- Background
- Make info box class- Color, size 
- Cursor
- Make Tool handle in one class 
    - Depending on the class the handle function will be different -like different things will happen on right click, left click, mouse scroll or key-down....
- Make music box class
